Mr. Lin
I want you to marry me
ah
marry
Mr. Fan
are you kidding
We just met, right?
I admit
You were in KTV just now
Help me out
i appreciate you
but get married
It's too exaggerated.
You can pay a premium of two square meters
Buy this KTV
your financial resources
It must be unfathomable
Now I only want to marry you
can be solved
Me and the company
previous predicament
Also please
don't refuse
Wait a moment
The company's dilemma
and me
It doesn't matter, right?
as long as you want
marry me
30% of the company's shares
It's yours
shares
Sorry
Mr. Fan
I'm right about money
not interested
Woolen cloth
Although
I
not marry you
but
I can take care of you
although my heart
It's always sunny
But if you can
Keep Fan Jian
That bastard’s sister
Show off your power in front of him
It can be considered as a solution to him
Green my energy for three years
How about Mr. Fan?
Otherwise you
Consider it
support